**Team Meeting Report** 


**Date:** 21.12.2023 

**Time:** 11.45

**Location:** Saxion Deventer 



**Attendees:** 

- Bas 
- Daniil  
- Crina
- Yani 
- Martin 

**Agenda & Key Discussion Points:** 

Standup meeting to see the progress of the tasks and start of the new sprint. 

**Current status:** 

- Bas: Connecting login to the backend+token+backend naming convention fixed and passwords are now hashed in backend+small start on refund list for customer
- Daniil: setting up the customer frontend to properly fetch form the backend
- Crina: added functionality to the collector frontend
- Yani: added product endpoints. 
- Martin: couldn’t do any work in between meetings.
- João: refactored controller frontend code also added a new helper class to contain all fetches.

**Meeting Conclusion:**  

This standup we went through was everyone did, we came to the conclusion that we need to connect our frontend and backend as soon as possible before the codebase gets more convoluted than now. 

